Stac 22625 metrics for presentations (#294)
rancher/stackstate-product-docs: docs/latest/modules/en/pages/setup/custom-integrations/presentation/metrics/README.adoc

For option 2, ensure the metrics are available in {stackstate-product-name} by sending them to {stackstate-product-name} using the xref:/use/metrics/k8s-prometheus-remote-write.adoc[Prometheus remote write protocol]. Continue by adding charts for the metrics to the components ONLY after ensuring the metrics are available.

== Creating a metric

. <<_create_an_outline_of_the_metric_binding,Create an outline of the metric binding>>
. <<_write_the_promql_query,Write the PromQL query for the desired metric>>
. <<_bind_the_correct_time_series_to_each_component,Bind the correct time series to each component>>
. <<_attach_the_metric_to_a_ui_location,Attach the metric to a UI location>>

For example, the steps will add a metric binding for the `Replica counts`  of Kubernetes deployments. This metric binding already exists in {stackstate-product-name}, by default.

=== Create an outline of the metric binding

Open the presentation YAML file in your favorite code editor to change it throughout this guide.  You can use the CLI to xref:/setup/custom-integrations/develop.adoc#_test_your_stackpack[Test Your StackPack].

[,yaml]
----

> presentation:

Reviewer: i think we should put extra highlight here that just making the metric without attaching it to a location in step 4, will not yet show the metric in the product

Author: good point.  I'll include it in the outline

  metrics:
    - metricId: node-memory-bytes-available-scheduling
      chartType: line
      name: Memory available for scheduling (Custom)
      queries:
      - alias: ${cluster_name} - ${node}
        expression: max_over_time(kubernetes_state_node_memory_allocatable{cluster_name="${tags['cluster-name']}", node="${name}"}[${__interval}])
      unit: bytes(IEC)
----

> The queries and scope section will be filled in the next steps. Note that the unit used is `short`, which will simply render a numeric value. In case you're not sure yet about the unit of the metric, you can leave it open and decide on the correct unit when writing the PromQL query.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The queries and scope section will be filled in the next steps. 

[NOTE] 
====
The unit used is `short`, which renders a numeric value. In case you're not yet sure about the unit of the metric, you can leave it open and decide the correct unit when writing the PromQL query.
====
```
